good day to your favorite style glad
accept so on my channel today i
I want to show several ways how
Wound business scored in her at the time dacha
the site was sung somewhere brought home to
save for a while
what kind of simple tips think this
The theme of spring and summer is very important
let's go to feb you probably know what
main enemy
the enemy of the vitamins contained in our
really it is not light and heat under
exposure to sunlight green
quickly loses vitamin c and it can be
several hours and so let me tell you
show you how I keep potions fresh here
first we need to wash you
brought greens wash it I already washed
rigged the water jet then dial
you can immerse in some dishes of water
completely green then you have to rinse
that is, if you have it of course
heavily polluted and then needed
washed out and squeezed greens lay out
on some paper towel
should not be removed from the point and that
turned yellow and leave on the table let it
dry for about 15 minutes after that the greens need
move plastic container
if you have vacuum plastic
the container is even better if not
plastic container then fit
ordinary glass dry jar that
the main thing was dry inside
with the usual cap now we put
greenery
Plastic container
the target must be dry ship to
lower shelf of the fridge and in such
the place it can be stored is marked not
turns yellow nothing spoils next
we need the usual advice
plastic bag is desirable of course
so new in pack
so that there are no little ones
metro holes
put our greens and where you can even
blow
I don't know, but it’s better open wide
there got more air and very
tight hold up in stages desirable
see how swollen very tightly tie
we tightly tied the package there inside there
air and need to put on the bottom shelf
the fridge is also well kept too
for long-term storage of herbs and
It is necessary to sort out, that is, remove the yellow
garbage but never wash it afterwards
fold a plastic bag and go there
put the servant's bulb 8 stripped
can not be peeled and put also in
fridge after 45 days you bulb
take out change to another can be changed
package and if it raw on the inside, too, and identity
also the green is kept very long
when I don't have time yet sometimes
it happens yes I type in a mug
boiled water and put requests there
greenery is also preserved
time but you need to change the water more often and
look so that the tips do not rot and
so sometimes for example mint yes
she can give roots like this even on
planted the next way for
dumping greens for two or three weeks her
need to rinse let drain water that is
so she dried out a little and for this
we need the paper can be
kraft paper can be tight paper
the towel is the main thing that it was not
thin paper and which does not creep away
now we will need to wrap
we will need to wrap the greens
spray damage or moisten
under the temple after that put
moistened bag paper bag
plastic bag folded
and put on the bottom shelf of the fridge
that's the way two or three are saved
weeks if there is no time rushing that
need to completely wrap in greens
a towel and also put something
there is here all edges close and put
on the bottom shelf is also very good
saved maybe you have
some such advice too so that
save
green for a long time you use them they
very effective I also want to show you
next video freezing greens already
for the winter that is, all winter you can
enjoy the greenery here and and you can
freeze freeze so that
to freeze and many ways there
a very large amount after therefore
if you're interested, then I will take off
write it to me please and if you have
There are tips about this, too, write what
such interesting original maybe
and you use them for a long time and very
happy everyone thank you for your attention everyone
bye Bye